C05 kks dialogue (#103)
IllusionMods/KKS-Translation: Translation/en/RedirectedResources/assets/abdata/adv/scenario/c05/00/7/translation.txt

//
// Dumped for Koikatsu Sunshine v1.0.1 (KoikatsuSunshine) by KKS_TextDump v1.4.5.0
//
（ん？　昨日はあの後すぐ寝ちゃったのか、……っていうか、何だか下半身がムズムズして……）=(Hmm? Did I fall asleep right after what we did last night... I mean... the lower half of my body is itchy...)
「って、うおっ！？」=“Wha... huh!?”

> 「起きちゃった？　朝に出すものには、力があるみたいだから……いっぱい出してね？」=“You awake? It appears that you have power to let out, this morning... wanna let it all out?”

Reviewer: ```suggestion
「起きちゃった？　朝に出すものには、力があるみたいだから……いっぱい出してね？」=“You awake? I did hear that they're more powerful if you let it out in the morning so... let it all out for me, okay?”
```
